[MISHA] Aw, and I just finished
my night shift...!
[GUILD COWORKER A] It's an
emergency! There's no time to
complain!
[GUILD SUPERIOR A] You two!
(BOTH startled)
Finish your reports then
run the service counter!
[GUILD SUPERIOR A]
We're short-staffed!
(BOTH whiney)
(angry mob)
[CITIZEN A] What's is going on?!
[CITIZEN B] We deserve
an explanation!
[EINA] My apologies!
[EINA] The Guild is currently
in the process
of investigating... yesterday's
monster-related
incident, you see!
That thing attacked a child!
No one's safe anymore!
We are working hard to assess
the situation as quickly as
possible!
[REHMER] Enough Eina.
Pack it in.
(EINA notice)
[EINA] But sir... you sure?
[REHMER] The Guildmaster
wants a word.
(EINA question)
[EINA] You wanted to see me?
(ROYMAN serious)
(EINA gasp)
Please deliver these
instructions
to Bell Cranel of
the Hestia Familia.
[EINA] To Mr. Cranel...?
[ROYMAN] Do not ask questions.
This matter is of
a confidential nature.
(EINA notice)
The Guild has issued
a distinct mission...
to the Hestia Familia.
(EINA serious)
(Opening Song, "over and over")
[BELL] A mission, you said...?
[EINA] Mmhm. As you
may already know...
missions are quite
different from quests...
They're a type of
mandatory assignment.
[EINA] You are unable to refuse.
(BELL notice) (think)
(EINA nod)
[EINA] Normally, missions are
assigned to the much larger
Familias...
I can't imagine why the Hestia
Familia would be chosen for such
a thing...
(BELL gasp, anger)
[BELL, internal] "Proceed to
the 20th Floor of the Dungeon
with the dragon girl..."
[BELL, internal] What?! But
how...? How does the Guild
know about Wiene...?!
[EINA] Bell?
(BELL surprised)
[EINA] Are you okay?
(BELL stammering)
Don't worry about
it... I'm fine.
(EINA worried)
[EINA] It's okay Bell...
What's wrong?
(BELL surprised)
Tell me what it is.
I want to help you out...
Just say it.
(EINA surprised)
(BELL sigh)
[BELL] I gotta go...
(EINA notice)
(door closing)
[WELF] I guess we got caught
during yesterday's fiasco...
[LILI] You're wrong... If
that were true, then this
is way too soon.
[LILI] The Guild knows
everything, even Lady
Wiene's species.
[LILI] I can only assume that
they found out a while back...
[LILI] The thing is, I have
no idea what they're trying
to accomplish.
[LILI] We aren't being
sanctioned yet for one thing...
And well they aren't
demanding that Lady
Wiene surrender either.
[LILI] Instead, they're
sending us to the 20th
Floor of the Dungeon...
I wonder... Why would they
ask us to bring Lady Wiene?
I don't know. I mean what could
be the point of all this...?
You think we can we pull it off?
Gettin' to that
Floor isn't easy.
[MIKOTO] Sure isn't.
Plus none of us have ever
been there before.
[WELF] Sounds like it's all or
nothing... our safety be damned.
If we raise our levels using
Lady Haruhime's sorcery,
we ought to satisfy the floor's
accessibility requirements.
[LILI] But make no mistake.
It will be a dangerous journey,
to say the very least.
[MIKOTO] So then what
should we do?
[LILI] It was never our choice.
We aren't allowed to refuse.
[BELL] I'm sorry...
Everything is
all my fault...
[HARUHIME] Master Bell...
(BELL notice)
You saved Lady Wiene...
Please don't be so upset
with yourself...
(BELL surprised)
[HARUHIME] Everyone
came to my rescue,
and now I know true happiness.
[HARUHIME] I'm certain that Lady
Wiene feels the same.
[HARUHIME] So please...!
(BELL gasp)
(LILI grabbing)
(HARUHIME yelp)
(BELL surprised)
(LILI hmph)
(HARUHIME gasp)
[WELF] What she's tryin'
to say is, don't apologize.
(ALL notice)
We are a Familia...
We support each other.
That's right, we are
all in this together!
[WELF] Yeah, see. That's it.
(LILI annoyed)
I suppose that's true.
It is my job as Master
Bell's supporter...
to be of assistance to him.
Lili...
(LILI notice)
(WIENE hm?)
(WIENE notice)
(BELL happy)
[WIENE] Bell?
[BELL] I have some news, Wiene.
[WIENE] The Dungeon...?
[BELL] Mmhmm... I'd like
for you to join us.
(WIENE nervous)
[BELL] That a "no"?
(WIENE upset)
(BELL sigh)
[WIENE] I'll go.
Wiene...
[WIENE] I'm scared... but um...
If I'm with everyone...
it won't be bad.
(BELL surprised) (happy)
[WIENE] Thanks for always
looking out for me.
I love you... Bell... so much.
(DIX happy)
[DIX] It's time!
[DIX] Follow the Hestia Familia!
[HERMES] They're on the move...
and using Bell and his
friends as bait, no less.
[HERMES] Uranus, you bastard...
[HERMES] The rest
is up to you, Asfi.
[WIENE] Bell...
Everything's okay.
[BELL] Bye, Goddess! I'll see
you soon!
[HESTIA] Kay! Be sure to
come back in one piece.
(HESTIA smile) (serious)
Well, here goes.
(HESTIA notice)
[HESTIA] Are you the one who
summoned me here?
[FELS] It is a pleasure to meet
you, Goddess Hestia.
[FELS] Please accept my humblest
apologies for the inconvenience.
[HESTIA] "Once your children
have set out... Please make
your way to 4th Street in
District 7."
[HESTIA] Hiding a message in the
Language of the Gods. That was a
clever little trick.
Are you for certain
that you are mortal?
[HESTIA] That aura is odd.
[FELS] My goodness...
[FELS] Disguises prove
meaningless
in the presence of
the gods, do they not?
(HESTIA gasp)
(BELL running)
(LYGERFANG A leap)
(WELF run) (react)
[LILI] Quickly,
to the 18th Floor!
[WELF] Step it up!
(BELL heavy breathing)
(LYGERFANG B attack)
[BELL] Fire Bolt! Ah!
[LILI] The 19th Floor is just
through there... The real
challenge begins ahead.
Let's recap once more.
[LILI] Our magic swords...
What d'we have?
[WELF] Three in total.
They're for emergencies.
[LILI] And you're going
to cast your Level-Boost
on Master Welf... once
we hit the 19th floor.
[HARUHIME] Right.
[LILI] Then Lady Mikoto's up.
Yes I know what to do.
I will go scout out the level..
And search for nearby monsters.
(ALL agreement)
(BELL inhale) (exhale) (inhale)
Let's go!
(WIENE nervous)
[HESTIA] Who'da thought all
this was down here...?
[FELS] Those who know of this
passageway's existence
are few and far between,
let alone those who have
made use of it.
[FELS] I can count
the number on one hand.
I can only guess that
this must have been built
as an escape route
for your master.
(HESTIA notice)
[HESTIA] A dead end...?
(HESTIA awe)
[FELS] My work here is complete.
[URANUS] Been a long
time... Hestia.
I had a feeling it
was you... Uranus...
[HESTIA] The mission we received
was your doing, wasn't it?
[URANUS] Correct.
Bell and the others aren't
in harm's way, are they?
[URANUS] Their destination
lies in the Dungeon.
[URANUS] Which comes with harm.
(HESTIA annoyed)
(LIZARDMAN A attacking)
[BELL] Wiene! (brace)
(LIZARDMAN A die)
[WIENE] Be careful! (react)
[BELL] Just stay behind me!
(LIZARDMEN attack)
(BELL bracing)
(WIENE afraid)
[WELF] Fall back, Bell!
(BOTH surprised)
(charge)
(slash)
(LIZARDMAN B slashed)
(MIKOTO slash) (notice)
[MIKOTO] There's another wave!
(BOTH gasp)
(HORNETS buzzing)
(BELL gasp) (bracing)
(WIENE turn) (bracing)
[LILI] I'm using a magic sword!
(LILI attack)
[WELF] So this is
the 20th Floor...
I'm sorry... I wasted a sword.
[WELF] Nah, that
was a good call.
[WELF] A second later and
we would've been goners.
[WIENE] Are you okay, Welf...
and Lili?
[WELF] Yup... Doing good.
(LILI happy)
[WIENE] That is good!
I'm so glad!
[HARUHIME] They're fine...
because they're so strong.
(WIENE agree)
Master Bell... As I feared,
they are specifically
targeting Lady Wiene.
Yeah.
I shall defend
her to the best
of my ability...
...but we can't handle
another large-scale ambush.
[BELL] Don't worry.
Rest assured...
I'll protect her with my life.
[HESTIA] Am I to assume that
you called me here
because of Wiene... you know,
the dragon girl?
[HESTIA] What exactly is she?
[HESTIA] What's going on
in the Dungeon right now?
[HESTIA] What are you hiding?
[HESTIA] And what's
your endgame?
[URANUS] Let us
discuss it... Hestia.
[MIKOTO] Lady Lili...
Are you sure this is it?
Yes, I'm positive of it...
We should be in the correct
place...
There's nothing... here.
Dammit...
[WELF] What does the
Guild want from us?!
[BELL] Huh? Wait Wiene!
(ALL confused)
I hear something..
...a song.
[BELL] Huh?
(distant humming)
[BELL] I can hear it too...
(MIKOTO & HARUHIME notice)
[MIKOTO] But where's it coming
from...?
[LILI] (reax) A song echoing
through the Dungeon...
[WIENE] Where are
you... leading us?
(WELF run over)
(WELF agreement)
(slice)
[WELF] So I guess that we're
supposed to go this way...
(BELL agreement)
(BELL surprise)
(LILI notice)
[MIKOTO] Where are we...
Are we lost?
This place isn't on the
map... I don't have a clue.
[HARUHIME] Master Bell?
[BELL] Mikoto... Any
monsters around?
I... I don't detect
anything at the moment.
We're being watched.
(ALL startled)
[LILI] Be on high alert!
(BELL gasp)
[BELL] A monster!
(LIDO roar) (jump)
(BELL & MIKOTO gasp)
(LIDO roaring)
(BELL block)
(HARUHIME gasp)
(LIDO notice)
(BELL shock) (bracing)
(LIDO roaring)
(XENOS roaring)
(BELL surprised)
(WIENE & HARUHIME gasp)
[WELF] Aw hell man...
how many more can there be?!
[LILI] Deploying glow moss!
(LILI shock)
[WELF] The hell!?
What is happening?!
[BELL] Why do they all...
have weapons!?
(LIDO raise) (point)
(WIENE shock)
They must be after
Lady Wiene also!
(LIDO roaring)
(XENOS attack)
(MIKOTO dodge) (slash)
[BELL] Protect Wiene! Huh?!
(LIDO charge) (swing)
(BELL block) (straining)
(LIDO straining)
(LAMIA MORMOS A swipe)
(WELF dodge) (swing)
(WELF pain)
(LIDO grunting)
(BELL swinging)
[BELL, internal] This Lizardman
is really strong!
[HARUHIME] Lady Wiene!
(BELL gasp)
[WIENE] It... It hurts...
[BELL] No! Wiene!
(LIDO charge)
(BELL pain) (pain)
[BELL] Wiene... I...
(LIDO question)
(WIENE pain) (scream)
(LIDO anger)
(WIENE shock)
(LIDO charge)
(ALL fear)
Stay back!
[LILI] Lady Wiene!
(LIDO charge)
(HARUHIME gasp)
(LIDO effort)
[WELF] Oh hell no!
[MIKOTO] I don't think so!
(WELF straining)
(MIKOTO straining)
(WIENE scared)
(LIDO strain)
(bells tolling)
(LIDO question)
(BELL heavy breathing)
[WIENE] Good Bell!
(BELL yelling)
(LIDO pain)
(BELL heavy breathing)
(BELL shock)
(LIDO monster laughter)
(BOTH confused)
(WELF question)
(BELL notice)
(LIDO laughter to
sound more human)
(BELL confused) (notice)
[LIDO] Upsy-daisy...
(hop)
That was great!
I've never met adventurers
like you guys before!
(ALL shock)
(LIDO amused)
[REI] See? I told you, Lido...
They're different
from the others.
[WELF] Wait... aren't you...?!
(BELL surprised)
I'm delighted to see you
again... my dear friends.
[LIDO] I should've never
doubted you, Rei!
These adventurers really
are something else!
My bad, you guys.
We were just testing you.
[BELL] Testing us...?
[LIDO] Uh-huh!
We were curious about the
type of adventurers
who would bother to protect one
of our brethren...
[LIDO] And whether or not you'd
abandon her when the going gets
tough.
(WIENE surprised)
[LIDO] I didn't mean
to scare you,
or hurt you so badly...
[LIDO] Sorry 'bout that.
[BELL] Oh... uh...
[LIDO] So lemme just say...
Thanks a million for keeping her
safe this whole time.
(ALL confused)
[URANUS] It remains unclear as
to when these creatures first
sprang forth into existence.
[URANUS] Nevertheless, we
observed their behavior and
mannerisms.
[URANUS] From our first contact,
we have provided them with
support in the name of
preservation.
[HESTIA] What? The Guild
is supporting monsters?
[HESTIA] But why in the
world would they...?
(HESTIA realize)
[URANUS] Precisely.
[URANUS] For the same reason
you and your children took in
the dragon girl.
[URANUS] The primary objective
of their mission....
was to escort her back to
her comrades in the heart
of the Dungeon.
That means... Bell and
the others are headed to....
Yes. If they survive
the journey,
they should be arriving
at the creatures' secret
village shortly.
[LIDO] Light the
lamps, you guys!
(ALL shock)
[MIKOTO] There're
dozens of them...
[BELL] (shock) Huh?
[LIDO] The name's Lido.
(BELL confused)
[LIDO] As you can see,
I'm a Lizardman.
[LIDO] How goes it, Bell Cranel?
[BELL] Uh... uh....
[LIDO] Mind if I
call you "Bellcchi"?
[BELL] Huh?!
[BELL] Oh... sure... it's fine.
[LIDO] Bellcchi!
[BELL] (shock) Um, uh, yeah?
[LIDO] Put 'er there.
(BELL gulp)
(nervous)
(BELL scared)
(BELL nervous)
[LILI] Master Bell...!
(disagree)
(BELL nervous) (notice)
(WIENE worried)
(BELL gulp)
(nervous laugh)
(BELL nervous)
It's... it's nice
to meet you!
(LILI disappointed)
(WELF chuckle)
[LIDO] Yup, nice to meet you!
(BELL notice) (awkward)
(XENOS cheering,
laughing/celebrating)
[RHETT] Heya! Nice to meet you!
[RHETT] Can I please
shake your hand too?
[MONSTER A] Yes, me, too!
(MONSTER B excited growling)
[BELL] Hey... Slow
down everyone...
(ALULU kyuuuuuu!)
(BELL gasp)
(XENOS surprised)
(BELL struggling)
[FIA] This little one
isn't able to speak yet...
but she's taken a shine to you,
Mr. Surface-dweller.
(ALULU loving)
[BELL] It's a girl!? Huh!?
(ALULU kyuu kyuu!)
(XENOS laughing)
(ALL notice)
I would like to know your name
if that's okay with you.
(WIENE question)
(ALL question)
(WIENE nervous)
It's Wiene...
"Wiene", huh?
That's a lovely name indeed.
(WIENE gasp)
I'm pleased to meet you...
our newest companion.
Newest...
Companion...?
[REI] Yes. Around here,
you will be safe,
we shall ever harm you....
We welcome you... with arms
wide open.
(REI happy)
(XENOS happy/warm)
(WIENE awe) (giggle)
(BELL happy)
[BELL] Can you tell me...
[BELL] What exactly are you
guys? And Wiene?
The ground-dwellers...
regard us as heretics.
[LIDO] But y'see my friend,
we are known as "Xenos"!
[HESTIA] "Xenos"...
[URANUS] Correct.
That's the name
we have bestowed upon them...
The monster species that were
born with intelligence.
Hestia... You and your children
have inspired hope, in not only
those creatures but also in us.
We did?
For a bridge leading
down the path...
of coexistence between
man and monster.
(HESTIA shock)
(Ending Song, "Evergreen")
[HESTIA] Next time: "Yearning."